The meeting will continue on the spot coverage of the public hearings which opened today
in connection with Senator Joseph Armacardi's far-all with high army officials.
The afternoon session is about to begin with the first witness of the inquiry still occupying
the witness chair before the Senate's subcommittee on permanent investigation.
The major general, Miles W. Reaver, formerly the Army's no-issue alienation officer was
covered.
Now, commanding general of the United States, Western European armies, he was brought home
from Europe test about.
General Reaver was under questioning for an hour and forty minutes this morning and
they related our last summer Senator McCarthy and Roy M. Cohn's exerted great pressure on
him in an unsuccessful effort to get an army commission for these, G. David Schott,
who was the chief counsel of the permanent investigating subcommittee under Senator McCarthy's
chairmanship.
Shine, now a private in the army, was an unpaid consultant on Senator McCarthy's committee staff.
Now as the afternoon session repairs to get underway, Cohn is about to cross examine General
Reaver.
Senator McCarthy, as you know, is removing self-complicit from the committee for the duration of this inquiry
and Senator McCarthy's month with the Republican of South Dakota.
This has temporary chairman.
The special counsel for the committee is right-age objective, a trial lawyer from Knoxville,
Tennessee.
And now here is Chairman M. Cakey.
And just at a moment as we go in now to join the hearings, Mr. Cohn is the boss whom
began his question.
He makes far as I'm concerned is that I called you frequently.
Now I wonder if I can ask you this.
Is it usually possible for someone from the hill to get you on the wire by calling you
once?
Are you asking for Cohn there?
Well, sir, would you disfuse the fact that my experience was when I was late to call
you, I was sometimes like, say there's a no-one of criticism, I know, I've been to
you, I've had many duties which, except you out of your office, hold us the various
offices of committees on the hill.
Would you disfuse the fact that there were occasions when I try to reach you, which
was associated with leaving of a considerable number of messages, and you got back here
after the end of the day or the next day?
No ennemy to call me, but I frequently was absent from the office up here at the campus.
I asked you that, sir, because I checked and I was to get to you on the basis of that,
but sometimes there is much to do with three days and my office is a routine matter.
What place of call and when you are unavailable, I would repeat the call until I got you,
and I wouldn't wear that might be a lot of messages, all of messages might end up in
one conversation, that's why I brought that up.
Now, I want to ask you this second question if I may.
The testimony that you gave this morning was embodied by Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam and
Mr. Hempel and I report as examples of allegations number one, two and three, I believe, of
improv, I mean to get preferential treatment.
I'm wondering whether or not you could tell the committee if a similar publicly thought
was issued in the course of witness when the overseas orders of major early Ferret
becoming organized were canceled after interventions by a congressman from New York State, with
a publicly thought issued about that, you know.
As far as I know, Mr. Strong, I don't know of any reports of issues in the case of major
referential Ferret.
I don't know anything about that case, frankly, because I was in Germany at that time, so
I know none of these tales, but report was issued or not, I do not know.
Now finally, the panel is general, I just want to add to this.
I see and I know for a fact that after Mrs. Shion and I just got into fact and I say this
in a not a reflection that we had had rather unpleasant experiences with your brother and
that you were the brother of the man with whom we had had that experience that I thought
the general Walter Beagle Smith about and asked him to reveal the way in which the application
for a commission was processed and whether it hasn't done any prejudice or bias ways,
does that not have a computer attention?
I know that General Walter Beagle Smith actually did make an inquiry for the department of
the Army on the afternoon of Friday, July 31st.
Did you not know that that's secreted by General Smith with me after I had slept with him?
I, frankly, at that time did not know whether the result of work conversation with Mr.
Kohn or whether the senator had called it.
Did you think there was anything improper in General Smith's inquiry, by the way?
Absolutely not.
General Smith did not make the inquiry direct to me, he made the inquiry direct to General
Paul.
I however did talk to General Smith the following day on instructions from General Paul.
And you certainly did not feel there was anything improper in General Smith making the inquiry
I feel.
No, I certainly did not.
I have no further questions with him.
And with that, I may get some further questions with Mr. Shion.
Anybody know?
One more other question Mr. Shion.
General Reaver, in view of a question asked you by Mr. Kohn, in which there was an
invitation that one reason why he called you so many times is because he was unable to
contact you.
I wish to say that it was my understanding this morning as the highest indirect me if I
was able to contact you.
That Mr. Kohn called you.
I rather unmute you number of times when he actually did come back to you.
Were you thinking of the times that come back with me and you said all conversation
about him when you testified that he considered that he had made an inordinately large number
of telephone calls?
And I was thinking of that.
Mr. Jackson, with his morning, I said to him, I've attempted calling him actually Reaver.
I believe that that was my experience to signify that he had actually reached me by telephone
on a concerned, larger number of times when the morning I was in the case.
I do know that he made a lot of additional attempts to reach me.
And when I wasn't in the office that I was speaking so many of them, I was completely
in telephone call.
As I understood it further, it was the burden of your testimony that the extremely
impressed you about those calls to Mr. Kohn was the persistent they will which they were
made to direct.
That's right, and that is all.
Are there other things that you have to ask me?
I have a question.
General, I had none.
Then it asked this question because I thought we were concluding before noon.
But in some part of your testimony this morning you used this expression because of the
particular importance of this case with respect to the application of Mr. Jackson.
What did you mean with respect to the particular importance of this case?
How do you differentiate it from any other application for a direct commission?
I have to say, Senator Mullen, part of my duty, part of my duty, are to teach the secretary
of the Army and the chief of staff in form as to the trend of our relationship with the Congress.
In this particular case, I happened to know my own knowledge that publicly Mr.
Kohn was very well known to the people of the country.
I know from my own knowledge that any commissioning or request for commission by Mr.
Kohn of a direct commission would have important public relations questions in the department
of the Army.
Therefore I thought of my duty to ensure my superior has to follow the replacement
program together with my recommendation.
That's what I meant.
Did you relate in any way to the fact that so much effort was being made to get any
of commission?
At that time, sure, I did not because this was the morning after my first time back.
I'd only had one time back at the time that I saw General Paul.
So I was not related to that in any sense.
No, they're not too end-for-systems of telephone calls, nothing like that.
Thank you.
Anyone in the majority, sir?
Any discussion?
Oh, let's determine one question.
Did Mr. Kohn complain to you at any time during this period of any bias, alleged bias that
you might have against him by reason of your brother?
None whatsoever.
The first conversation that I have heard from either Senator McCarthy or Mr. Kohn about
my brother is heard in this period today.
But the first time you heard of that, I have heard it from the mention.
During all of this time, when the matter of the commission was under consideration, did you
or did you not have any bias towards anyone who had requested the application to be acted
upon?
I had absolutely no bias at all.
You feel that you can tell the committee conscientiously that you were acting freely and without any desire
to be unfair to anyone?
I feel that I can tell the committee absolutely unequivocally that I acted without any bias
of any kind in this case.
That's all.
Questions by Alison Poignot.
Thank you, Mr. President.
General Rebirth, was there anything that you could have done within your power that was left undone
to get the commission from Mr. Shind.
No, sir.
Hello?
Mr. McCarthy, what's all?
Mr. McCarthy, you may have heard.
The meeting that was written was I think I should have thought about it.
And I could also apologize to the general, we were really keeping here in the same room.
Trust me, you know, that a product of the meeting who is still a product, despite all of the
such a consideration you got.
I'm going to do it a bit better.
But look to you, and I have nothing in the record that reflects that person and you
with Barclay and concerned.
Barclay and no.
However, I would like to ask you this question, I think it'd be in the record.
For the benefit of the committee, are you aware of the fact that last year a brother, there
was a lot to resign when charges of either the bad security risk were made against him as
a result of the investigation of this committee.
Mr. Chairman, much respect that I've got for the very able council.
But we say that this question is of the utmost importance.
The general here is testifying and I get the impression that I am reluctant to play.
At first, I played in the trickle-on.
I assume that he has the same affection for his brother, the average man has.
If his brother was forced to resign, I may have high position in the state department.
As a result, the activities on the part of this committee result resigned because he was a bad security risk.
Even my nor reflection upon the general, he's not responsible for his brother.
He's a no close contact with a minor fan for years.
I do think that it's important to have that in the record in so far as the possible move in the testimony of concerns.
Mr. Chairman, I say that I have a clear and clear and clear.
The general here is a very close contact with my objection.
They call it a mapping and those facts would make it a perfectly legitimate question.
I'm going to issue a one-year interview.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, I used to think that I knew the rules of evidence very well.
I've got that minute I'm learning the new rules of evidence.
I think your objection as well, I think the question should be rephrased so that it can be the problem.
That's the general. I raise this question as to the problem.
There has been no testimony that the statements that the senator makes are facts or truth.
And until they are established and miswethered as facts, then they have a question, is incompetent.
Any more for the people?
I'm just in a separate ruling on this because we may be trying members of every modern family involved before we get through.
Mr. Chairman has come to me for a few reasons.
The last thing I say is that the senator McCarthy is entitled to ask general revert whether or not the statements he raised in his question are true.
That is, what is further forced to resign as he results of a fact from the lies of myhez and McCarthy's committees.
If you relax that question directly, I assign this committee to the myhez and you it is a purpose of the legitimate justice.
I will ask the senator if he can answer your question.
Please kneel at myhez.
General, your brother has resigned from the state department.
I believe he is retired as part of the senator.
The senator, I'm not asking you for the reason.
It's like a game proper but purely here it's in your part.
Do you know why he retired?
I have a question. I admit that he is not proper as the senator may ask the senator McCarthy may ask if he knows whether or not he retired or resigned as he results of an investigation in the conducted fact.
You have a question, I remember the fact.
I will accept the wording of the question by the chief counsel of the committee.
Would you answer the question of the word of the chief counsel, General?
I had the chance to say to the chief that question.
I have a reporter waiting.
The question is whether or not your brother retired or resigned from the state department as they result of his being investigated and the fact that this is a problem that investigation by senator McCarthy
and any member of his best.
The question is do you know whether or not that occurs?
On trail with senator, brought this question off the steel menaceical.
I had never heard a single word about my brother being investigated in any way by the committee.
General, you must have made however given the direct answer you can answer it yes or no. Do you know it and then they give you the explanation.
You understand the question.
May I have the specific question?
No, that's still me.
No, I don't know.
May I have the question?
No, that's not the problem.
I have the answer, but I don't know.
I don't know.
I have never heard my brother retired or the result of any action that the man should have been tested in no way.
No, I just have one question.
May I say first but I don't mind.
I very much just like that of the end having to go into the record of your brother because I think you've got a good record.
I don't think you're responsible for any record of your brother.
Let's make that clear.
But on the right of the move of your testimony I think I must return it to my staff when it is.
Let me ask this question.
Do you know now or do you have any reason to believe that your brother resigned because charges involving security were brought against him?
Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry I have to object to this.
That question invases charges with respect to security brought by Senator McCarthy's eyes that it would be covered.
Otherwise, it would not be in cover because it would show no motive on the part of this witness to test the fact that both they against Senator McCarthy are the members of the family.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
May I respectfully differ with our learned counsel?
This committee has been dealing with security matters.
Great.
It's impossible for this witness to know whether or not the man was dropped because the chain of the event was originally handed by this committee.
If the man has a chair of the gentleman, if the man in the position of the acting, I must have a chair of the gentleman, if the man is holding a job so importantly with the acting, I commit to a Germany,
resign because of security reasons.
After our committee, staff had been over in Germany and interviewed him after he made statements, resolved, made statements against my staff.
I believe it's very fortunate to know whether or not General Reaver knows whether or not the brother was dropped on security grounds.
I think that does reflect upon motives.
I think he should be asked to answer that question.
I don't want to pursue this any further.
I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman.
This is something that I would not bring up.
I think it's a much more for doing as a waste of time when I think that I have an obligation that the committee has to bring all the facts to life.
I think that the government has a great deal of statement of the kind that the government has to provide for the security reasons.
The reason is objection always goes.
So long as the question is whether or not the witnesses' brother resigned or was discharged from the department by reason of an investigation of him.
Our reason of the fact that he was a bad security reason, counsel will be constrained to object as I have heard of or stated.
If the senator will ask a question, embracing the fact or alleged fact that such resignation occurred as a result directly or indirectly.
The governor's investigation by the McCarthy Committee, my objection will then be withdrawn.
We have a family of the families of the families of the families.
We have a family of the families of the families of the families that agree with the very able counsel.
I can see nothing to be gained by spending further time on this.
And I will withdraw the question.
Thank you.
Any other member of the senate now or the council for the army having a question about this?
If not, uh, the committee.
Make it work, you have.
I have a question for the mayor.
I would like to ask the witnesses trying to displace the committee.
We have no answer to the microphone please.
I would like to ask the witnesses that he will kindly say to the committee, his knowledge of the reasons.
Find back if he is bothering his tiredness.
I'm going to take a step to determine.
I'm not going to find a word of his term unless they witness what's in there, that I think that's a completely unfair question.
I would not ask him that question.
The committee has to do with the type of security, with the common activities of other days.
The committee has to do with the committee's highly improvised objection back counsel for the reasons they get by the senator.
I would like to counsel the chair that he is, uh, well, the little by the committee will just stand here just.
May I say that the chairman unless, but for some reason, the general river wants to belong here.
I would like to ask the committee to make an objection by saying it's a highly improvised objection.
If we're to include, unless it's a fairly pertinent record, it's not their main, I've seen all these in the Senate have an objection as interpolis.
I have to say that the chairman may ask a question.
I would like to ask the committee to ask the chairman if the chairman is not in the position of the committee.
As I understand this procedure, it's very serious.
The chair is made to get my brother in the chair.
I would like to answer the question.
That's charge right now, to the most honest extent of my knowledge in the administration.
If anybody in the position of the committee will make a speech.
My brother worked tire, and the department is saying that the chairman is not the right to turn on the chair.
The chairman is just a neighbor.
He's a general, but the general is going to win the rest.
The point of order is that the point of order is that the point of order is that the general river is going to go into the ground.
Upon which his brother was separated, is that a sincere question?
Then I will kneel and I have a right to cross examine him upon that subject.
Councilor Zayden, I so exited the general river that is the general minister's statement.
Well, then the deputy councilor Zayden, Mr. Chairman, may I make this up to a compliment?
General river, I think, was in there in fighting with a serious practice that made all his brothers.
Questions were asked with reference to his brother, but no proof our statement has been introduced with respect to his brother.
What's the consul?
May I say that the nation has, may I say, in turn, the statement has been made in this room on the prowling millions of weapons.
General river's brother was dismissed as a security reason such as statement was made that it was highly uncovered and it was ruined out as being in confidence.
And the senator was only permitted to examine or cross examine the width of his, the committee of fields.
That those questions, can he with the inspected implications that the leaves, the witnesses, brother under a thousand in all fairness to the witness?
Well, this is not strictly relevant or proper.
The public should be permitted to change, brother.
Mr. Chairman, I will draw any objection I have in a book.
I just want to say, I have with a record that the statement can't be struck in from all the newspapers that I saw from the television audience and radio audience.
And I think in front of it, he should be given the opportunity to answer the statement limited.
So, allow the forces in because security reasons, if the committee thinks that's pertinent, then I feel that I am not a security reason.
If the committee thinks that's pertinent, then I feel that I must demand the right.
Other than a mandate, ground or not, I must demand the right to cross examine the general on this subject and also produce witnesses on the state department on that subject.
I know that this may appear to be getting far afield. I merely asked the question first on the grounds of the modem, but if the Sun for Jackson, who obviously doesn't know the fact, is going to accuse me of making improper accusations, then we will let the Sun for here the test to monitor.
Well, I'm not accusing anyone of any kind of an accusation, but I want to keep the record straight, especially from the district.
That's a jam on these extraneous accusations that are being made against people who are not part of this proceeding.
Do carry over the air on television and in the press. The general that has been stated here that the general's brother was dismissed as a security reason.
I condemn that he has a right, uphold the same form as this Sun, to lead the firm or denied and that's the reason, for all that is not important to be proceeding, whether he has dismissed as a security reason or as a chicken deep, or as a general.
This timeline is not going to be working fine anymore in negotiations.
We have to find a cure for that.
I would like to ask the chair now whether or not if he allows the general to attempt to tell us why his brother was separated from the safety parts.
Whether I allow the right to cross examine him in detail on that subject and bring forth witnesses on the matter.
The witness has been asked the question whether or not his brother was discharged by reason of being a poor security risk.
His answer was in the negative. Senator McCarthy takes the position apparently that his brother was discharged as a result of an investigation by Senator McCarthy.
The witness is not satisfied with the answer of the witness in the negative.
He is entitled to cross examine after the purpose of showing a movie on the part of this witness.
That is my opinion.
But Mr. Chairman, I don't want to say any more of your family that's what they say to us.
When your council objected to my question, I withdrew it.
My position now is that if the general is going to give us a statement about the reason for his brother to slip,
go to it. Go to it. Go to it. The right to cross examine him.
The chair has been advised by council and General Assembly have heard that.
The general labor avails himself of the opportunity which is here to talk about his brother's resignation or requirements that Senator McCarthy should then have the right to cross examine.
The chair believes that the council has advised his wise name and will serve rule unless there is a general.
But the chairman, I want to understand this a little further. Are we going now to fly General Weber's brother?
If so, I ask that the subpoenaed be issued far immediately that if he here is on the bench.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that the statement that General Weber should make or if he desires to make it should be limited to answering the statement brought out in the question by Senator McCarthy.
Namely that his brother was separated from the State Department as a security risk.
I think that he's entitled to answer to the extent of the statement made against his brother and not any further.
Otherwise we're going in depth of it.
Then the question is is Senator McCarthy entitled to cross the examining with respect to the coup d'artre fall to the abysansure that he served near.
Let's limit it now. Let's limit it to answering the statement made against his brother.
I heard that he has now that everybody understands the speech of General Weber and he will try to limit his questions to right.
Take this.
Mr. Chairman, just one second.
I would suggest that you tell General Weber that as of now there is no question sending that whatever he volunteers now is being volunteered to.
General Weber has asked the opportunity to speak about his brother and the aggratity of men, but you have registration general now and we sure he will go in the separate way.
Mr. Chairman, everybody else will go up to the other side. I'd like to interrupt the hearing.
I don't understand yet what General Weber's brother has to do with General Weber.
You